c:\users\justin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ParkMeter\ParkMeter\bin\Debug\ParkMeter.exe.config
c:\users\justin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ParkMeter\ParkMeter\bin\Debug\ParkMeter.exe
c:\users\justin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ParkMeter\ParkMeter\bin\Debug\ParkMeter.pdb
c:\users\justin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ParkMeter\ParkMeter\obj\Debug\ParkMeter.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\justin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ParkMeter\ParkMeter\obj\Debug\ParkMeter.HomeScreenForm.resources
c:\users\justin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ParkMeter\ParkMeter\obj\Debug\ParkMeter.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\justin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ParkMeter\ParkMeter\obj\Debug\ParkMeter.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\justin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ParkMeter\ParkMeter\obj\Debug\ParkMeter.exe
c:\users\justin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ParkMeter\ParkMeter\obj\Debug\ParkMeter.pdb
c:\users\justin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ParkMeter\ParkMeter\obj\Debug\ParkMeter.InsertTicketForm.resources
c:\users\justin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ParkMeter\ParkMeter\obj\Debug\ParkMeter.PaymentForm.resources
c:\users\justin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ParkMeter\ParkMeter\obj\Debug\ParkMeter.ModifyTimeForm.resources
c:\users\justin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ParkMeter\ParkMeter\obj\Debug\ParkMeter.AdminForm.resources
c:\users\justin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ParkMeter\ParkMeter\obj\Debug\ParkMeter.MachinePayment.resources
c:\users\justin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ParkMeter\ParkMeter\obj\Debug\ParkMeter.PrintTicketForm.resources
c:\users\justin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ParkMeter\ParkMeter\obj\Debug\ParkMeter.ParkingTicketForm.resources
C:\Users\Justin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ParkMeter\ParkMeter\obj\Debug\ParkMeter.ReturnTicketForm.resources
C:\Users\Justin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ParkMeter\ParkMeter\obj\Debug\ParkMeter.ConfirmRefundForm.resources
C:\Users\Justin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ParkMeter\ParkMeter\obj\Debug\ParkMeter.PasswordForm.resources
C:\Users\Justin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ParkMeter\ParkMeter\obj\Debug\ParkMeter.CoinPaymentForm.resources
C:\Users\Justin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ParkMeter\ParkMeter\obj\Debug\ParkMeter.CoinDispenseForm.resources
